Describe onSelectionChanging event (#6722)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/CollectionWidget/1 Configuration/onSelectionChanging.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> A function that is executed before selection changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function that is called before selection changes.
```

> A function that is executed before a collection item is selected or selection is canceled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function that is called before a collection item is selected or selection is canceled.
```

##### param(e): Object
Information about the event.

##### field(e.addedItems): Array<any>

> The data of the items that have been selected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The data of the selected items.
```

##### field(e.cancel): Boolean | Promise<Boolean>
Allows you to cancel selection. 

##### field(e.component): {WidgetName}
The UI component's instance.

##### field(e.element): DxElement
#include common-ref-elementparam with { element: "UI component" }

##### field(e.removedItems): Array<any>

> The data of the items whose selection has been canceled.

Reviewer: "items whose selection has been canceled" - this phrase is a little complicated. You wouldn't say "I canceled this item's selection". You would say "I deselected this item" or "I removed this item from selection". 

```suggestion
The data of the items removed from selection.
```

or 

```suggestion
The data of the items that have been deselected.
```

P.S. I use the first variant in all other edits. But if you like the second better, you can use it instead.
